# CDJPScanMaster

A modern re-design of the Chrysler DRBIII scan tool for PC, written in C#, using an Arduino as an interface to communicate with the vehicle. Requires access to the database.mem file used by the DRBIII in order to read information about the supported modules. This tool, once complete, should be able to connect to 1996(ish) to 2007 vehicles previously supported by the DRB. Most of the key-on-engine-off actuator tests (injector coil and et cetera) should be easy to implement, but the system tests (like Injector Kill) will need special attention to get working.

Currently the CCD bus is the most supported, which is the communication bus for body modules, like the instrument cluster and trip computer, on pre-2000 vehicles. I've tested it with a BCM on a 1996 Plymouth Breeze. My wiring diagram will be uploaded soon. J1850 will be supported as well, but I believe that, in order to connect to the ABS module, I need to implement ISO9141 as well, which may or may not be possible with the limited number of digital I/O pins I have available.

The user interface for the DRBDBReader (library for interpreting the database.mem) I've built works similarly to how MWisBest's works, except the text entry box does nothing. Once it loads the database, it simply shows the module selections on the left, and all the TX's on the right. TX's are the data entries that drive the whole tool. When you open a data list (like Actuators, Input/Output, etc) and click a data item (Engine RPM, etc) the associated TX is shown on the right. I'm aware the actual data shown is minimal currently, I'm mostly using this tool to build the associations of body style (TJ, XJ, ZJ, etc) to the different modules, so the actual scanner can auto-detect the module.

Currently this repo contains a rewritten version of DRBDBReader, with several of the gaps filled in based on my own research. The updated tool is able to view the hierarchy the way that DRB can, from module selection (Engine/Transmission/etc) all the way down to a given ECU's data lists. Currently does not connect to anything, my Arduino is only wired for CCD, so once I can get it wired up for CCD, SCI, and J1850, I am going to start testing. I'd very much appreciate the input of someone more skilled than me in drawing up schematics for a PCB that I can use for all 3 protocols, and also ISO9141 in the future.

Credit goes to MWisBest for his initial work on DRBDBReader.
